Deployment: Document the deployment structure and the data flow in your (final) deployment. The goal is to clarify your project setup to an outsider (e.g., new team member), so they can understand the overall design to the extent that they could contribute to a design discussion afterwards. The documentation should focus on the conceptual aspects and not include sources or .yml files. Link to the repository when details need to be referenced. You can skip provisioning details and focus on the abstract level of Kubernetes and Istio. The documentation should be detailed enough to empower readers to understand your general setup and your experimental design. Visualize your deployment structure and include all deployed resources and their connections (not just the ones that are relevant for serving requests). Also show and elaborate the flow of requests in the cluster, including the dynamic traffic routing in your experiment. All components of your deployment and their (relevant) relations should be visualized and elaborated. Your deployment documentation then provides answers to questions, such as:

- Which hostnames/ports/paths/headers/... are required to access your application?
- Which path does a typical request take through your deployment?
- Where is the 90/10 split configured? Where is the routing decision taken?
- Which component implements the additional use case?

Visual Support: Improve the clarity in all parts of your documentation by selecting the most appropriate visualization for the presented information. The course has introduced various styles, some examples are included in Figure 1. Take inspiration from these (or other) visualizations and adopt them to your project. We do not assess your creativity to create new visualizations, but the clarity and completeness of the provided information. A diagram can never stand alone, make sure that visualized contents are properly elaborated with text.