Extension Proposal: Critically reflect on the current state of your project and identify one release-engineering- related shortcoming of the project practices that you find the most critical, annoying, or error prone. It must be related to an assignment, e.g., the training or release pipelines, contribution process, deployment, or experimentation. Document the identified shortcoming and describe its effect, a convincing argumentation is crucial. Describe and visualize a project refactoring/extension that would improve the situation. The proposed change should be non-trivial, but also implementable, aim for 1-5 days of effort. Be concrete, you can take the perspective of having to implement the extension as the next assignment. From your description, the concrete tasks for implementing the proposed change in your project are clear. Describe the expected outcome of your change (e.g., how does your project/process improve?) and explain how you could test whether the changed design has the desired effect, i.e., how an experiment
could be designed to measure the resulting effects. The extension proposal should also reflect on your underlying assumptions or possible downsides of the change. Link to information sources that provide additional information, inspiration for your solution, or concrete examples for its realization. We expect that you only cite respectable sources (e.g., research papers, quality blogs like Medium, tool websites, or popular StackOverflow discussions).

Do not just link tools, find a discussion or reflection on the technology or write one yourself. It should be clearly motivated and point to a concrete pain point. Just saying "We want to adopt XY" is not an argument.

Visual Support: Improve the clarity in all parts of your documentation by selecting the most appropriate visualization for the presented information. The course has introduced various styles, some examples are included in Figure 1. Take inspiration from these (or other) visualizations and adopt them to your project. We do not assess your creativity to create new visualizations, but the clarity and completeness of the provided information. A diagram can never stand alone, make sure that visualized contents are properly elaborated with text.